README.md, before:

# Word Counter

#### Never wonder how many times a word occurs within a given phrase again!

#### By **Zach Weintraub**

## Description

A C# application that counts instances of a given word within a given string. The app determines case-sensitivity based on user preference.

| Specs | Sample Input | Sample Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |
|Can use a constructor to create an instance of the RepeatCounter class.|Call RepeatCounter constructor.| New instance of RepeatCounter created. |
| "RepeatCounter" class stores a phrase and can retrieve it with the GetPhrase method.| Pass the phrase "hi mom" into the constructor, call the GetPhrase method.| New instance of RepeatCounter class, "hi mom" is returned. |
| "RepeatCounter" class stores a target word and can retrieve it with the GetTarget method.| Pass the phrase "hi mom" and the target word "mom" into the constructor, call the GetTarget method.| New instance of RepeatCounter class, "mom" is returned. |
| "RepeatCounter" class contains a CalculateCount method that returns 1 if the phrase and target word are the same.| Pass "mom" into the constructor as both phrase and target, call the CalculateCount method.| CalculateCount returns 1. |
| CalculateCount method correctly counts a single instance of the target word in a multi-word phrase.| Pass the phrase "hi mom" and the target word "mom" into the constructor, call the CalculateCount method.| CalculateCount returns 1. |
| CalculateCount method correctly counts multiple instances of the target word in a multi-word phrase.| Pass the phrase "hello world hello galaxy hello universe" and the target word "hello" into the constructor, call the CalculateCount method.| CalculateCount returns 3. |
| RepeatCounter constructor accepts boolean argument to set case sensitivity. If true, CalculateCount method correctly counts exact instances of the target word in a multi-word phrase.| Pass the phrase "Hello world hEllo galaxy heLLo universe" and the target word "hEllo" into the constructor, call the CalculateCount method.| CalculateCount returns 1. |
| RepeatCounter constructor accepts boolean argument to set case sensitivity. If false, CalculateCount method correctly counts multiple instances of the target word in a multi-word phrase, regardless of case.| Pass the phrase "Hello world hEllo galaxy heLLo universe" and the target word "HELLO" into the constructor, call the CalculateCount method.| CalculateCount returns 3. |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. Clone this repository: $ git clone https:/github.com/zachweintraub/WordCounter.Solution.git
2. Change into the work directory:: $ cd WordCounter.Solution
3. To edit the project, open the project in your preferred text editor.
4. To run the program, first navigate to the WordCounter directory, then run the following commands: $ dotnet restore $ dotnet run, and open the resulting url in your browser of choice.

## Known Bugs
* No known bugs at this time.

## Technologies Used
* C# .NET Core App 2.2.103 & ASP.NET Core Mono Atom Git Github

## Support and contact details

_Email me with any questions, comments, or concerns:_
zachweintraub@gmail.com

### License

*{This software is licensed under the MIT license}*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_{Zach Weintraub}_**

Commit message:

add views and controller for clients, update README.md

README.md, after:

# Hair Salon Admin Console

#### An ASP.NET Core MVC app to create records for stylists, clients, and appointments in a hair salon.

#### By **Zach Weintraub**

## Description

A C# application that allows employees of a hair salon to create records for stylists, clients, and appointments in a hair salon.

| Specs |
| :-------------     |
|Salon employee can see a list of all stylists.|
|Salon employee can select a stylist, see their details, and see a list of all clients that belong to that stylist.|
|Salon employee can add new stylists to the system when they are hired.|
|Salon employee can add new clients to a specific stylist. They cannot add a client if no stylists have been added.|

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. Clone this repository: $ git clone https:/github.com/zachweintraub/HairSalon.Solution.git
2. Change into the work directory:: $ cd HairSalon.Solution
3. To edit the project, open the project in your preferred text editor.
4. To run the program, first navigate to the HairSalon directory, then run the following commands: $ dotnet restore $ dotnet run, and open the resulting url in your browser of choice.

## Known Bugs
* No known bugs at this time.

## Technologies Used
* C# .NET Core App 2.2.103 & ASP.NET Core SQL Mono Atom Git Github

## Support and contact details

_Email me with any questions, comments, or concerns:_
zachweintraub@gmail.com

### License

*{This software is licensed under the MIT license}*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_{Zach Weintraub}_**
